“While much of the digital transition is unprecedented in the United States, the peaceful transition of power is not,” Obama special assistant Kori Schulman wrote in a blog post Monday.
For those who follow social media transitions on Capitol Hill, this will be a little different.
But in a break from his past rhetoric about curtailing immigration, the GOP nominee proclaimed that as president he would allow “tremendous numbers” of legal immigrants based on a “merit system.”
“So I hate to put a little pressure on you, but the fate of the republic rests on your shoulders,” he told the crowd gathered on a sports field at the University of North Carolina.
The new spending is fueled by Clinton’s large bank account.
What she’s saying and what she’s doing, it — actually, it’s unbelievable.
$5,000 per person, the maximum allowed.
In early October, the transition team used the same venue to meet with technology lobbyists, inviting representatives from Uber, the Motion Picture Association of America, the Consumer Technology Association and other groups.
The gathering was originally slated for Washington’s private Metropolitan Club on H Street a few blocks away.
Maybe the dress code was too stuffy.
Rather than teaching the scientific method as a separate unit, for example, students learn science content by applying it.
They are at the national average in grade 4 and better than national average in grade 8.
By comparison, it cost $103.7 million to build the NoMa infill Metro station, which opened in 2004.
“We face a lot of competition, and we think transit can help,” said Joe Sternlieb, president of the Georgetown BID.
The feasibility study estimates that it would take passengers about four minutes to cross the Potomac River on the gondola.
A witness told police that the victim had attacked the suspect in April.
There are parallels to draw here between games and our everyday lives.
That share has been rising steadily over the years — only 11 percent of the total vote was cast before Election Day in 1996, according to the Census Bureau -- and seems likely to jump again this year.
Today, Khanzir may be a lonely pig, but he isn’t always alone.
“We’ve requested other nations to help us populate the zoo with different species of animals, including a pig,” Saqib said.
There was a time, Mr Panvalkar said, when he felt that they should leave the building.
She has also been charged with trying to kill her two-year-old daughter.
She killed Andre Price III by pressing his face into an air mattress in her sitting room before trying to do the same to her daughter, Angel, police said.
"I'm going to jail either way, hope it was worth it."
First one of the Yazidi women started crying, then one of her friends.
Mr Osborne signed up with a US speakers agency after being sacked in July.
Michael Fallon said the date for cutting the first steel would help secure new investment and safeguard hundreds of skilled jobs until 2035.
The promise of new Royal Navy orders to secure the Clyde shipbuilding industry was made before the Scottish independence referendum in 2014.
It's most obvious when a celebrity's name is initially quite rare.
And by 2007, at the height of its popularity (and, perhaps, Knightley's) it was a top 50 name, with three times more babies named Keira than Kiera.
The South Korean company initially thought a battery fault was to blame, and switched its own component for a third-party power cell.
Several analysts have suggested Huawei is best placed to benefit from Samsung's setback.
The Mate 9 phones lack an artificial intelligence interface, like the Google Assistant or Apple's Siri.
But one travel expert warned in-flight internet was often unreliable and was unlikely to influence travellers' airline choices.
"But it may be that BA and IAG have cracked it and can offer something vaguely reliable."
The company told the BBC it would be the responsibility of each airline brand to decide whether to charge passengers an access fee.
"Most people would find airport wi-fi more useful than being able to send emails on a plane."
It's like a super power sometimes.
The scheme makes money through sponsorship and advertising.
The 10-week course has been "certified" by UK spy agency GCHQ.
But some security experts raised questions about the need for the course and the intent behind it.
Previously the jets had only been seen by bloggers.
Naturally China will be presenting plenty of other military hardware this week from attack helicopters to seaplanes.
And with China set to become the world's biggest aviation market in the next decade, the show is an opportunity for Beijing to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aviation as well as defence.
"Unfortunately once again the few ruin it for the many," wrote Jesse LaBrocca, founder of Hack Forums, in a message explaining why the section was being closed.
The "recent events" are likely to be the attacks of 21 October that briefly took down popular websites such as Reddit, Twitter and Spotify as well as many others.
Analysis revealed that historic amounts of data had been used to cause the disruption.
A UN review of national plans to cut carbon says they are well short of the levels needed to keep the rise in global temperatures under 2C.
Many scientists say that technology to remove carbon from the air will now be needed to meet the Paris targets.
"We are moving in the right direction: the Paris Agreement will slow climate change, as will the recent Kigali Amendment to reduce HFCs," said Erik Solheim, head of UN Environment.
Investments in this area were up by 6% in 2015 to $221bn.
It's fantastic that they got the Paris Agreement but their contributions at the moment are nowhere near the 1.5-degree target.
It was conducted just off the Mexican coast from April to June.
This will put new limits on the nature of the environmental changes that overtook the Earth and sent so many species - not just the dinosaurs - into oblivion.
A telltale of this meteoritic material will likely be high levels of the element iridium.
Just over 70% of the plants grown from Earth seeds were alive after 17 days - just slightly more than the plants grown from space seeds - just over 66%.
The results from this experiment provides further support that rocket seeds can be flown and stored on the International Space Station for six months without having any significant impacts on their ability to germinate and grow on Earth.
The RHS collected comments sent in by schoolchildren and teachers involved in the experiment.
"There is still a 'yuk' factor to the whole idea of buying and wearing other people's body parts," she says.
In China the hair is typically put in a chemical bath to remove the cuticle completely, Tarlo explains.
Throughout history, the international hair market has always had a political dimension, says Tarlo.
"Tonight we are carrying out punishments using a high beam," the post reads.
Shenzhen's traffic police have opted for unconventional penalties before.
Who are they?
Much of the debate, from the Democratic side this year, has been about white male identity.
I asked her afterwards if she understood why people might vote for Trump.
Not everyone can rise above it.
"Luckily, someone in Sony Australia was like, 'Hey, by the way, did you guys notice this?'" says Pall.
Seagal made headlines when he described Russia's actions in Crimea, which it annexed in 2014, as "very reasonable".
A keen guitarist, he played a concert there the same year.
Seagal, whose grandmother was from Vladivostok in Russia's far east, has made frequent trips to Russia in recent years and visited Kamchatka and Sakhalin in September.
Earlier this year Seagal was given Serbian nationality after offering to set up a martial arts school in the capital Belgrade.
A police spokesman told the Associated Press there was "an exchange of words" followed by an "altercation" but that no injuries had been reported.
Cuaron, whose last film was the Oscar-winning Gravity, was reportedly not on set at the time of the incident.
According to the city's police department, a fight broke out after "a large group of people... who identified themselves as district authorities" arrived on set on Tuesday.
Researchers have been investigating potential for male hormonal contraceptives for around 20 years.
He added: "This has been one step in a long journey of finding the right combination for male hormonal contraception."
However there are many MLAs with deeply-held religious beliefs who oppose any new legislation.
Researchers say analysing tumour DNA may help explain the underlying causes of other cancers.
The analysis shows a direct link between the number of cigarettes smoked in a lifetime and the number of mutations in tumour DNA.
However, they could not find this same pattern in tissues such as the bladder, which are not directly exposed.
Ms Pugh has received treatment at Papworth and Addenbrooke's Hospitals in Cambridgeshire.
But a scan has shown the tumour in Ms Pugh's right lung is growing, and she has had to leave the trial.
"If Donald Trump becomes president, the government here will still have to work with him to advance whatever shared agenda there is, to ensure that Canadian businesses and interests are represented in Washington."
Trudeau will extend that invitation to the 45th president of the United States, whoever he or she may be.
Despite the release of a photo this morning, police in B.C. say they have more questions than answers about an apparently homeless man charged in the fatal stabbing of a teen girl at her Abbotsford high school.
Police in B.C. said earlier Klein did not appear to have a criminal history and released vague details about his recent whereabouts.
"We do not believe the suspect has ties to this school, or to the two girls, or specifically to the Abbotsford area," she said.
He also said Klein was uncommunicative, uncooperative and unwilling to walk up from cells under the courthouse to attend his hearing.
The association that represents real estate agents in Ontario says more needs to be done to protect consumers and punish agents found to have engaged in unethical behaviour.
He'd also like to see greater enforcement and investigative powers for the Real Estate Council of Ontario (RECO), which regulates agents in the province.
Currently, the maximum fine RECO can levy against an agent is $25,000.
But China's growing middle class has been unusually vocal in its complaints about toxic air in cities like Beijing, which can see day after day of lung-choking smog.
"We are seeing many, many countries and especially large new emitters like Brazil, South Africa, India and China stepping up to the plate in terms of playing a role in reducing emissions," said Guilbeault.
He could also wait until the end of his first term to use a provision in the Paris agreement to pull out of the pact.
Clinton and allies, meanwhile, are seeking to keep the spotlight on Trump, charging that his disparaging comments about women and minorities, and his temperament make him unfit for office.
That's not what we need in our country, folks.
Trump's wife, Melania Trump, made her first appearance on the trail since the Republican convention in July.
Students like Rai have been meeting with counsellors at the school to talk about what happened, but she said the biggest comfort has come from seeing her friends.
"This is a disaster for pain patients," Mailis said in an interview Thursday with CBC News.
"Physicians don't have these tools, they have only a prescription pad and an injection," Mailis said.
The Ontario Independent Police Review Director, Gerry McNeilly, set the terms for his review this week after "alarming questions" were raised about how officers interact with Indigenous peoples.
The review is also investigating inflammatory Facebook posts from September, alleged to come from police officers in the northern Ontario city.
The executives also received so-called "performance pay" for succeeding or surpassing expectations, sharing a pot of $1.5 million among them, or an estimated $15,000 each on average.
Its annual budget is more than $1.4 billion, and it employs more than 6,000 people.
The federal government proactively reports on aggregate performance pay and bonus levels for each department, but the latest web posting is for 2013-2014 — or two years out of date.
The total for performance pay and bonus that year was $1.5 million, about the same level as for 2015-2016.
Gomery, who led the commission of inquiry into the federal sponsorship scandal between 2004 and 2006, said such bodies are essential to help restore public confidence in the rule of law.
That led to revelations over the last two days that at least six other Quebec journalists were targeted by provincial police surveillance operations.
"There should be no preferential access to government, or appearance of preferential access, accorded to individuals or organizations because they have made financial contributions to politicians and political parties," the guidelines read.
The judge in Duffy's fraud and breach of trust trial ultimately ruled they were within the Senate's rules when he cleared Duffy of all charges.
Our cellphones are so much more than phones these days.
"It is amazing," reported SaskTel unlimited data customer Lindsay Gay last month.
He also pointed out that Rogers recently introduced a new app tool that helps customers monitor their data usage.
That's what keeps us coming back for more.
"These estimates coincide with the percentages of new condos entering the rental market upon completion, indicating the important role (domestic) investors play in the GTA housing market."
"This strain helps with back pain, this strain helps with nausea, this product makes you sleep at night," says Dietrich from the company's headquarters in Denver, Colorado, where pot is sold legally.
But without a legislative framework, and with the grassroots origins of pot as a mood-altering folk remedy, companies are left guessing.
Iron is an essential element the body requires to produce hemoglobin, the protein found in red blood cells that's responsible for transporting oxygen to tissues in the body.
The current waiting period is eight weeks.
It's possible to have normal hemoglobin levels, but to have low iron stores overall, says Canadian Blood Services (CBS).
The new iron guidelines mean more donors are needed.
What started as a routine ultrasound became complicated when expectant mother Margaret Boemer, of Plano, Texas, was told her unborn child had a rare condition and needed surgery to survive.
A sacrococcygeal teratoma is a tumour that develops before birth and grows from a baby's tailbone.
It is the most common tumour found in babies, occurring in one of every 35,000 births.
She was 84 years old.
He described her as a "remarkable" and "loving and wonderful" woman who left her mark in the literary world with her stories.
"Some men get it and Bono is one of those guys," Leive said in a recent interview.
At just 20, she is a strong voice against bullying and a positive one in helping girls embrace their own standards of beauty.
"Her voice literally went around the world," Leive said.
As soon as the official party photos were released, social media lit up with comments — and they were less than favourable.
Many people, including Indigenous groups, argue they trivialize First Nations culture.
The purpose of these CRTC hearings is to field responses from industry stakeholders and the public.
This would not only apply to entertainment content, but equally to education, to scientific research and, perhaps most importantly, to political discourse.
After all, the internet is not a luxury; it is an essential tool.
The debris formed a ring around the Earth's equator and was eventually drawn together by gravity to form the moon.
Still, there are questions left unanswered.
In the town of Hillsborough, just outside Chapel Hill, someone firebombed the Republican Party headquarters last month.
After North Carolina passed its restrictive voting-rights bill in 2013, Campbell went around to churches teaching people how to deal with challenges to their registration.
He could detect the effects of the election around him, in the bursts of conflict and the curious intersection of new ideas with old ones.
This discordance between economic data and political rhetoric is familiar, or should be.
Republican economists caution against taking this data as proof that their party is lousy at economic policy.
“I don’t know what G.D.P. growth was during the Washington and Lincoln Administrations, but the institutional developments in those terms had large and long-lasting effects.”
There are more differences between Sulla and Trump, Rome and the U.S., than there are similarities, but that doesn’t discredit the resemblances.
And, she granted, “you have to look at where she has acknowledged that we need to do something different—we can do better—and where she has expressed regret.”
But, as the criticism of Clinton as First Lady became more caustic, Karel became more empathetic.
“When I’m playing him, I feel powerful,” the Donald Trump impersonator John Di Domenico explained to Slate last year.
As the hysteria of the 2016 Presidential election intensifies, a more troubling threat than bullshit preoccupies Karel.
They’re usually artists who want to do a bunch of stuff.
Then the commercial ends.
Miami Bass producers were clinical in the art of moving butts—their main concern.
In a recent interview, Zay and Zayion described recording their version of “Knuck If You Buck” on a home laptop.
But challenges, and the songs that score them, add a connective, traceable nervous system to the writhing mass of grainy video loops.
Their revivals underscore the appeal of a good challenge, artistic or otherwise: discomfort, growth, and a meaningful connection.
It would be much safer, Plato thought, to entrust power to carefully educated guardians.
Like many people I know, I’ve spent recent months staying up late, reading polls in terror.
Caplan dismisses retrospective voting, quoting a pair of scholars who call it “no more rational than killing the pharaoh when the Nile does not flood.”
But there was nothing else obviously artistic about her or in her behavior with other people.
In 2010, the foundation released a typeset edition of “Zettel’s Traum,” removing the bar to entry for those who balked at the draft-like feel of the photo-offset.
Corresponding with Woods by e-mail, I tried my hand at uncovering an etym.
“Complete neglect of his own health,” his wife, Alice, reported.
Each map in the exhibition tells its own story, not all factual.
Also being exhibited for the first time are British Ministry of Defence maps which imagine cold war battles and which were used in military college exams.
The constituency is in the council area of North Kesteven, where 62% of voters backed leaving the EU.
His skill in getting answers for taxpayers will be sorely missed.
Christian Wolmar, who has written a number of books on railway history, will stand in the contest on 1 December.
The Liberal Democrats, who represented the affluent suburb until 2010, are hoping to snatch it back with their candidate Sarah Olney.
Meanwhile, the estranged wife of a government whip has launched her campaign to take the seat.
He was utterly gracious and took it like a man, I am beyond furious.
More than 330 crew are onboard the ship.
Vega suggested that, because of their age, many would be unaware of its history.
People got killed there.
A coal-fired power station in Badarpur, south-east Delhi, will stop operating for 10 days, along with diesel generators in the city.
He then spent four years with BBC World Service radio at Bush House.
He worked for the BBC for a decade.
One of their many grieving Facebook posts has a line which would have delighted Chris: “More African than you, I have not known.”
Who can stop this Australia side?
Was their divine right to the mantle as the world’s best no longer warranted?
They have one crack at redemption, beating England.
South Africa are almost at the point of no return and we have to be able to match their desire.
He has got that hard edge to his game but also the soft hands.
We have a great squad and it is an opportunity for us to take the ship forward.
You have to stand up to that and I would rather someone ran at me rather than round me.
It was as though he was flicking the ball back and forth underneath three upturned cups.
Australia, hardened by their recent games in the Rugby Championship, were in a higher gear.
A Donald Trump victory would immediately make the world more worrying and unsettled than it already is.
Mrs Clinton has a reputation for a hawkish outlook, but this will be tempered by war-weary public opinion in the US.
He’s spoken in favour of torture.
I also struggle with passwords.
Then there are the so-called true stories that get posted in a series of meaningful pictures with text running underneath.
Of course, I do understand that modern-day Germany must be separated from the Nazi regime.
In the corner is a girl in a headscarf and jeans who looks so unassuming I think it’s another assistant.
Artists reach people at their heart; it’s the only time we meet in one place and put our differences aside.
His more unusual accolades include global ambassador for New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation, and a place at Harvard Business School.
I can just do that with my life.
I wanted to watch it with them, but they decided they’d rather watch it without me in the end.
We can’t let the presidency go to Donald Trump, someone so racist, sexist and incredibly unqualified to be commander-in-chief.
“More people are turning to credit … While this borrowing might be manageable now, a sudden change in circumstances could lead to debt problems.”
Her reason is that it provides insufficient protection to American workers whose jobs and living standards it might harm.
In this context, railing against trade makes sense.
